2025 High School Case Competition
Bain HS Case Competition KickoffJanuary 2025

AGENDA
Introduction to Bain (5 mins)
The case (25 mins)
Meet your teams (and schedule your check-ins)! (15-20 mins in breakouts)

How can a community development organization help decrease the racial wealth gap?
We help CEOs address their most 
important questions
How can traditionalautomakers holistically digitalizetheir plants? 
How can the largest companies in the world alignto eliminateplastic waste in the environment? 
How can we rapidly prepare for large scale clinical trials?
3

Associate Consultant Intern 

Associate Consultant 

Senior Associate Consultant 

Consultant 

Manager

Senior Manager

Associate Partner

Partner

A launchpad for your career 
Financial/Private Equity
Global1,000
Non-profit/Government
And endless opportunities beyond Bain….
Mid-size/Start-up
A compelling path within Bain… 
4

Here’s how you can work with us!
CREW
BEL
Consulting Kickstart
ACI Program
Exclusive virtual series designed to provide initial exposure to a career in consulting to first year college students who are Black, Hispanic/ Latin American and/ or Indigenous.
Visit our website to learn more. Applications open in early spring each year.

Building Entrepreneurial Leaders (BEL) provides second year college students who are Black, Hispanic/Latin American and/or Indigenous the opportunity to gain exposure to consulting while strengthening their business skill set.
Visit our website to learn more. Applications open in the winter each year.
Connecting and Resourcing Empowered Women (CREW) is a women’s program for college sophomores that exposes you to powerful women leaders while getting a feel for working as a consultant.
Visit our website to learn more. Applications open in the fall each year.

Our immersive internship offered to any third-year college student. Through this 10-week internship, you’ll get hands-on experience working alongside our brightest consultants.
Visit our website to learn more. Applications open in summer for rising Juniors.


AGENDA
Introduction to Bain (5 mins)
The case (25 mins)
Meet your teams (and schedule your check-ins)! (15-20 mins in breakouts)

Housekeeping
Format of presentation
Create a 7-10 slide presentation with a clear articulation of the business problem, an ‘Answer First’ / framework for how to answer the question, and answers to the client’s questions 
In-person presentation in front of UCLA professors, TWDC representatives, Bain partners at the Bain LA office 
You will have ~10-15 minutes for your presentations, followed by ~5 minutes of Q&A with the judges 
Duration and timeline
You will have ~6 weeks from kick-off (today) to the final presentation to work through the case project 
In-person final presentations will be held at the Bain LA office on March 13th from 5:30 – 8:00 PM
Guidance from Bain & UCLA mentors
Set up regular touchpoints upfront so you can feel prepared the day of the competition:
Check in ~1x a week with your Bain advisors to engage them on your emerging answer and output
Check in ~1-2x a week with your UCLA advisors to provide more frequent process updates and get more tactical feedback
Check in with your faculty advisors regularly to make sure you’re staying on track
Questions to consider 
What is the problem the client has asked us to solve?
What is our “Answer First” / framework we will use to solve the problem?
What have we done to prove or disprove our Answer First?
How does this framework help us answer the business problem?
What are our answers to the business problem?
How can we bolster and provide evidence to support our answers?

Here are a few attributes we will be looking for on final presentation day
Every person on the team should have a speaking role
Thoroughness of answer
Presentation skills
Creativity
Slide design

This year’s HSCC client is…

The Walt Disney Company’s History and Timeline
1923
Walt and Roy O. Disney establish the Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio
1937
Release of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, the first full-length animated feature
1971
Walt Disney World opens in Florida 
1955
Disneyland opens in Anaheim, California
1928
Mickey Mouse debuts in Steamboat Willie, launching Disney into widespread popularity
2006
Disney acquires Pixar Animation Studios
2009
Disney acquires Marvel Entertainment
2023
Disney fully buys out Hulu
1996
Disney acquires ABC and ESPN, expanding reach into TV and sports media
1983
Debut of Disney Channel, expanding into cable television
2012
Disney acquires Lucasfilm
2019
Disney enters the streaming era with Disney+
10

The Walt Disney Company’s Key Revenue Streams 
 Source: The Walt Disney Company website
Disney Entertainment
Disney Experiences
Sports Networks
11

The Walt Disney Company is one of the most valuable companies in the world, with an annual revenue of ~$90B
Entertainment
Disney’s Entertainment segment has strong revenue performance but faces high costs driving down operating income
This segment’s growth is driven primarily by strong film releases, improvements in streaming services, and improvement of content sales / licensing operations
Experiences
Disney’s Experiences segment drives the largest share of operating income for the business and has seen strong growth post COVID-19
Despite the strong growth, attendance is expected to slow down and return to steady state in the new year or so
Revenue growth year over year is driven by higher guest spending and attendance to U.S. Parks and Experiences
Sports
The sports segment remains stable year over year with little to no fluctuations in revenue or operating income
Advertising revenue has grown by 7% year over year, and additional growth is expected as Disney prepares to launch ESPN’s direct-to-consumer service
0%
100%
20%
40%
60%
80%
2023 Revenue and Operating Income from key segments*
Entertainment45%
Experiences36%
Sports19%
Revenue
$90B
Operating Income
Sports19%
Entertainment11%
$13B
Experiences70%
 Note: (*) Revenue and Operating Income from corporate shared expenses, interest expense, restructuring and impairment charges, acquisition amortization, and other income are not included in the chart above 
Source: 2024 Market Cap Disney Report, The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2023 Annual Financial Report
12

The Walt Disney Company mission statement
“The mission of The Walt Disney Company is to entertain, inform and inspire people around the globe through the power of unparalleled storytelling, reflecting the iconic brands, creative minds and innovative technologies that make ours the world’s premier entertainment company.”

Case prompt: How can Disney drive increased engagement from teenagers (13-18) on new media (e.g., social media, short form content, gaming, audio)?
Guidance for your solutions
Questions to think about
How do teenagers spend their time consuming different forms of media? 
How much time do they spend consuming media?
Which platforms do they use?
Do you follow / interact with Disney on different forms of new media?
If so, which platforms and which accounts?
What do you get out of these interactions?
What purpose does new media serve for Disney?
How can Disney maximize engagement and virality?
How does this translate to Disney’s bottom line?
Which types of new media should Disney invest in? How should they invest organically?
What we would like to see: 
2-3 well rounded ideas that tie together strategically, rather than 5+ ideas in a long list
Ideas that drive engagement across all key businesses (i.e., Entertainment, Experiences, Sports)
Ideas to promote increased engagement
Ideas that make financial sense
Creativity!
What we do not want to see:
Acquisition of other brands or social media companies
Most importantly: have fun!

Other helpful resources as you think about this case!
Disney’s flywheel - https://mickeyblog.com/2024/05/28/what-is-the-disney-flywheel-and-who-invented-it/
The Business of Disney - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvtgns5enRU
Note: This video is outdated since it is from 2022. However, it is a good 101 on how the company makes money
Full catalog of the Walt Disney family of companies - https://privacy.thewaltdisneycompany.com/en/company-overview/


AGENDA
Introduction to Bain (5 mins)
The case (25 mins)
Meet your teams (and schedule your check-ins)! (15-20 mins in breakouts)

This year’s team assignments!
La Canada
Windward
Brentwood
Marlborough 3
Marlborough 2
Marlborough 1
Bain Advisors
Jack Lee
Aanya Tanti
UCLA Mentors
Charlotte Yao
Sonam Manhani
Students
Alexa Goldman
Talia Haekali
Audrey Pei
Keller Agam
Lucas Kim
Bain Advisors
Alex Mayor
Ken Sherb
Katherine Houston
UCLA Mentors
Jit Shen Lee
Drona Sharma
Students
N/A – to confirm later!
Bain Advisors
Matt Huntington
Kenny Jiang
Ygor Pereira
UCLA Mentors
Michelle Liou
Khushi Tekwiral
Students
TBC
Bain Advisors
Kate Weinhemer
Swapnika Raola
UCLA Mentors
Jodi Chung
Hanna Nguyen
Students
Alene Abdulian
Crystal Yang
Elle Uhrman
Mila B. 
Elle Shim
Sofia Shah
Bain Advisors
Pablo Romero
Jordan Cheung
UCLA Mentors
Ishina Gujral
Lucie Plantevin
Students
Avery Ma
Sophia Li
Lorelei Davis
Daisy Yeon
Jessica Guo
Claire Lee
Bain Advisors
Arnav Bhavani
Isa MarionSims
UCLA Mentors
Athena Luong
Alden Do
Students
Arden Mehta
Sophia Cellore
Addie Seidel
Ria Devani
Eleanor Smith
Ella Pishva
